#Minecraft


#Introduction
So, if you got it as a kid when you were younger you too probably remember all of the hype and you were hearing about it and you thought ," I want to play...". Well you're not alone! I got it as a kid when I was like 6/7 when my brother shown me a demo of minecraft, and I was in love. I played it a lot, without realizing that it had a different version ( Why didn't you advertise , mojang?!?!). When I learned that it was on computer I saw youtube videos on them, and I really wanted it by the age of 7. At this time I already had the full version of minecraft on the xbox 360, and played it almost daily and spent nearly 2 hours at least. I Got the game at 8 years old and I played it every day that I could. I had fallen in love and thought I found the perfect game that I could turn to and talk to anybody from the world and finally socialize with people that understood me, but not quite. My brain wasn't fully developed yet and I was playing games like Last Chaos and CoolMathGames :P. I Was however very smart and had straight a's. I didn't really realize how to play multiplayer however and I was disappointed for a while. Although, when I was 9 or 10 I finally saw minecraft at its best. I was playing everyday and was my bae basically. Although, I also had a lot of interest in the world of pokemon , but lets not get too much into that. Minecraft was updating and I didn't notice. I didn't realize how easy it was to get all of the mods, resource packs, and the amazing endless sandbox world that awaited to be amazingly and utterly beautiful. I had a lot of friends on skype and I once found out how to play with mods and resource packs at the same time how to make them. I now make them both but I wont talk about that for a while.
